TINY-8573: Fix autcomplete border (#7704)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- It wasn't possible to select text right after an inline noneditable element #TINY-8567
- Fixed a double border showing for the `tinymce-5` skin when using `toolbar_location: 'bottom'` #TINY-8564
- Clipboard content was not generated correctly when cutting and copying `contenteditable="false"` elements #TINY-8563

> - Fixed clipping box-shadow in autocomplete #TINY-8573

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the box-shadow getting clipped in autocompletor popups #TINY-8573
```
